How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helps mme to think only about what is different and helps to find the 
    bug easily.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It helps me better in finding bugs and allows me to compare broken versions 
    and working versions of the code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    It is quite simple on my part to use the versions saved auotmatically, But 
    might I don't have working version save and I won't able to compare the 
    versions of my files.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    It is quite helpful if all the changes are included in one commit. If they 
    are independent it would be hard to find and revert to the older versionof file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log will shows all the commits, versions of my files by which 
    I can see the messages for each commit. to see deep into any commit git 
    diff is used to compare the new version with old version of the file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    As I am using version control it helps me to keep track of all the 
    versions of my code so whenever I got stuck in between. It will also
    help to figure out why the code has been broken.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I use git for to keep tracks of all the documents that I have created in this
    course. I also use it for resume. I also like to use the Git for reflectons 
    and my projects on which I am working. 
